README.md, before:

# veritable-ipfs

Manages a go-ipfs instance maintaining the private network swarm key based on the value from a `veritable-node` instance.

## Local development
> install dependencies
```sh
npm i
```
> start substrate node using docker-compose
```sh
docker-compose up -d // -d for silent
```
> start ipfs nodejs wrapper
```sh
npm run dev
```

## Environment Variables

`veritable-ipfs` is configured primarily using environment variables as follows:

| variable                      | required |   default    | description                                                                          |
| :---------------------------- | :------: | :----------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| SERVICE_TYPE                  |    N     | `dscp-ipfs`  | Service type to appear in logs                                                       |
| PORT                          |    N     |     `80`     | The port for the API to listen on                                                    |
| LOG_LEVEL                     |    N     |    `info`    | Logging level. Valid values are [`trace`, `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `fatal`] |
| NODE_HOST                     |    Y     |              | Hostname of the `veritable-node` to use as the swarm key source                           |
| NODE_PORT                     |    N     |    `9943`    | Websocket port of the `veritable-node` to use as the swarm key source                     |
| IPFS_PATH                     |    N     |   `/ipfs`    | IPFS data storage path                                                               |
| IPFS_EXECUTABLE               |    N     |    `ipfs`    | Executable to use to run go-ipfs                                                     |
| IPFS_ARGS                     |    N     | `["daemon"]` | JSON array of strings to pass as arguments to the `IPFS_EXECUTABLE`                  |
| IPFS_LOG_LEVEL                |    N     |    `info`    | Log level of the go-ipfs child process                                               |

Commit message:

Update README.md veritable to dscp

README.md, after:

# dscp-ipfs

Manages a go-ipfs instance maintaining the private network swarm key based on the value from a `dscp-node` instance.

## Local development
> install dependencies
```sh
npm i
```
> start substrate node using docker-compose
```sh
docker-compose up -d // -d for silent
```
> start ipfs nodejs wrapper
```sh
npm run dev
```

## Environment Variables

`dscp-ipfs` is configured primarily using environment variables as follows:

| variable                      | required |   default    | description                                                                          |
| :---------------------------- | :------: | :----------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| SERVICE_TYPE                  |    N     | `dscp-ipfs`  | Service type to appear in logs                                                       |
| PORT                          |    N     |     `80`     | The port for the API to listen on                                                    |
| LOG_LEVEL                     |    N     |    `info`    | Logging level. Valid values are [`trace`, `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `fatal`] |
| NODE_HOST                     |    Y     |              | Hostname of the `dscp-node` to use as the swarm key source                           |
| NODE_PORT                     |    N     |    `9943`    | Websocket port of the `dscp-node` to use as the swarm key source                     |
| IPFS_PATH                     |    N     |   `/ipfs`    | IPFS data storage path                                                               |
| IPFS_EXECUTABLE               |    N     |    `ipfs`    | Executable to use to run go-ipfs                                                     |
| IPFS_ARGS                     |    N     | `["daemon"]` | JSON array of strings to pass as arguments to the `IPFS_EXECUTABLE`                  |
| IPFS_LOG_LEVEL                |    N     |    `info`    | Log level of the go-ipfs child process                                               |
